We just did a little bit of project setup.
So ready to start writing some code inside the index dodgy his file.
But before we do I want to outline some of the big challenges that we're probably going to run into
as we work on this project and how we're going to solve each of them.
Remember overall this project is going to be pretty similar to the last one we just worked on.
Are we going to tackle it by making use of more open source packages than we did before.
OK.
So back inside work diagram right here so these are three big issues I think we're going to run into.
First off we need to somehow detect when a file changes inside of a given folder.
Remember we don't only want to restart a program when the file that we are executing gets changed.
We want to watch the entire folder.
And we want to see if anything in the entire folder changes whenever that occurs.
Then we're going to go ahead and do the restart.
Next up it would be kind of nice to provide some help to anyone who uses our CLIA tool.
Right now of course we're kind of imagining that we're developing this for ourself but we're going to
pretend that maybe some other engineers might decide to use our CLIA tool that we're putting together.
And so it'd be really nice if I could somehow integrate some help system into it to make it more obvious
to other engineers how to use our program finally.
And this is obviously going to be a pretty big one.
We need to figure out how to execute some javascript code from within a javascript program.
In other words hey you and I are running a job script program.
We need to detect whenever some file changes and execute that file.
So how do we essentially run some code from within a program well for each of these big challenges we're
going to use some open source package or a module from the node standard library.
So here's the idea.
First off for detecting whenever a file changes we're going to be using a package called Chalk ADR or
choke ADR whatever you want to pronounce that as it's up to you.
Anyways we're going to use this package to detect whenever a file changes inside of our project directory.
We can pull up the documentation for this package right now.
I'll go to NPM J Ask.com once a year and go to search for choke ADR chalk ADR.
I don't know I'll find it right there.
And we can take a look at some the documentation on the documentation here you can read over some of
the notes.
Essentially the thing is made for doing exactly what we are using it for right now detecting whenever
a file changes inside of a directory.
It not only detects whenever a file is changed it also detects in every file is created or deleted as
well.
You can see an example of how to use it.
If you go down to getting started right here you'll see a tiny little snippet.
That's pretty much exactly what you and I want to do.
We want to watch for changes inside of some directory and whenever something occurs the dot on all right
there it means whenever a file is changed created updated whatever it's going to run this callback function
right here.
So you and I we can kind of imagine inside that callback function.
We're going to end up adding in some code that's going to restart our program so using choke it out
should be pretty straightforward.
Next up we need to somehow provide some better help to users of our CLIA tool.
So for that to build our CLIA tool this time around we're going to use a package called I can't pronounce
any of these things I'll be honest with you.
Corporal.
Corporal I don't know anyone here so we're going to use this package.
So let's take a look get some documentation for it.
Back at NPM ust dot com a look up capital.
I guess so this is a package just intended to help us put together a command line tool.
It's going to automate a lot of the things that you're probably used to having inside of a command line
application.
So for example we can go down two examples right here.
They'll show us a little code snippet of how to use it so we're going to essentially build our application
using this kind of framework or this kind of style right here.
If we build our app using this structure then capital is going to give us some output that allows users
to use our application in a really straightforward way.
So if you scroll down a little bit here we'll see an example of that further or a bit further.
Here we go.
It's all the way down at auto generated help.
So this right here is an example of some of the things that capital does for us if we fill in some of
the blanks of the code we saw earlier where we call some different functions and tell this program exactly
what arguments we expect our code to receive then it's going to automatically fill out stuff like hey
here's how you use our program.
Here's the different commands that are available and here some the different options you can use as
well.
So again the entire goal of this capital thing is to essentially generate this health stuff for us and
also pass some of the incoming arguments that are being provided to our program.
Then the last thing is how are we going to execute some javascript code from within our javascript code
for that we're going to use the standard library module called child underscore process to execute our
program it's going to go back over to the node J.S. standard documentation remember you can get here
by going to know J dot org slash API and once here on the left hand side we'll find a child processes
so this entire module right here is about running some code from within our node program.
There are three different methods inside of here that we need to be aware of.
You could see them listed out right here towards the top.
So one is the exact function.
Another is fork.
And another is spun.
These are all different commands that are used to create new programs from within our program.
We'll talk about the differences between each of these and why we might want to use one over the other
when we get to the point where we actually need to execute some code okay.
So that's it.
Those are the big challenges and that's how we're going to generally approach that each of them.
Again we're going to have much more reliance on some outside code this time around.
So we're going to be more kind of like filling in the blanks here as opposed to what we did in the last
application where we were trying to do everything essentially from scratch yes let's pause right here
when we come back the next video we're going to install some of these different packages and then start
to make use of them inside of our project.